take this file take it over to the
courthouse and then Bish's attorney file
the papers and get out a desperate
father I found a house for Valerie and
for the boys she'll have me back tell me
the house you're approved
I thought you were gonna say no they had
no reason to me until today all right
yeah you yeah you got any service car
it's only gonna take five minutes all
right I gotta go okay I get a look at it
go minimally don't leave me out here
like sorry gonna look next time
here to present some papers to the court
what do you guys I made a mistake bring
me back that file by the end of the day
hey guys really late mama Emery this guy
hit me on the FDR he cut me off you know
what this was my marriage and it was
this important to me I would have been
here on time
next case it's from the file he's got
the file I go I'm really sorry you're
sorry
go tell what you didn't know who these
people were
why do you need a pilot I will give you
$10,000 you think I want money
what I want is my time back it's gonna
be bad this guy he helps out Vince and
you helping out you get your file back
mr. Doyle Gipson Lee is now bankrupt
this is a mistake
I need this loan I need it for my life
it says you're bankrupt
Academy Award nominee samuel l.jackson
with the power to turn this on you have
the power to turn it off I'm taking half
an hour to get to my pain now my crit
Istanbul time I get this I destroy the
Fire Academy award-winner Ben Affleck I
need to turn back on right away that
please man don't tell me that everything
decent is held together by a covenant
you and what's-his-name you broke the
contract changing lanes